Nuclei prediction examples

Results in terms of the metrics created, no need to put the figures of violin plots right now, but just explain their creation

Spot for the speed measurements

Embeddings, subspaces, how they should look like, Unet embeddings, read on that a bit

Sliding window, image, how does it work


Overview of the articles existed before, why this one was chosen.

The description of the architecture of unet. 

second stuff from Mike

explain batch and fed-batch in the introduction

fill holes in chapter 6


loss vs the corruption for diff corruption types + diff models

more vs less regularization in models

best explanation of mmd https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/276497/maximum-mean-discrepancy-distance-distribution


different auc roc for other corruptions
basically any plot in drift detection chapter extend to other corruptions.

SVM on Unet embeddings will give good Results fast

Straightforward blur detection with Laplacian https://pyimagesearch.com/2015/09/07/blur-detection-with-opencv/

Violin plots of ERTs

nuclei troubles in predictions, add gournd truth and predict labels

CONCLUSIONS
using several scalings from in silico paper might help, but use the normal downstream metrics from Cohen paper
CSI for for ood detection

Use combined unet of several fluorescence outputs

Non specific binding is the problem for Golgi


Use a bigger model to to get more details

Nice phrases rely on the premise that 
N. N. Boustany, S. A. Boppart, V. Backman, Microscopic imaging and spectroscopy with scattered light. Annu. Rev. Biomed. Eng. 12, 285–314 (2010).
"Our work relies on the premise that label-free scattering-based microscopy captures rich structural information and can be effective to characterize cell morphological features":

Embeddings can be used as the input to the stability predictor (Gianni's presentation).

add adam optim definition

make the first loss for golgi worse
change er no overfit with strong regularization plot

Influence of different loss functions on metrics for downstream tasks

real corruptions use a better model
Unet embeddings redo the coloring of the first splot, it seems like phx and chozn are separable there.

add that drift detection does not detect drift when the model has augmentations

add f1-score to the definitions.

Drift detection ROC AUC for constrast? (more lines, more interesting)